# LRDemo

## Intro

Linear regression demo made with C standard & POSIX libs.

## Install

### Linux/Unix:

Clone:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/SuXYIO/LRDemo
```

Compile:

```
cd LRDemo
make
```

The make process might interfere with python venv's libs like numpy, so please create those after using make, I have no idea how to ignore the venv files in make.

### Windows:

Not supported yet.  
With versions including and after commit `7bbfc08c43ca8c24be9d7da5e21884a420c4fa7a`, the program uses POSIX libs, which vanilla Windows doesn't support. The versions before might have a chance of working on Windows.  
Might work if using methods like MinGW to use POSIX standards on Windows.

## Usage

```bash
./LR [options]
```

### Args

See manual:

```bash
./LR -h
```

### Statistics

**./stat/plot.py**  
 A simple plot python program for plotting the CSV formatted file that can be outputted by LR using `-f` option (see Args).  
 You can also pass multiple sets of data into it for comparison, but too much will make the plot seem chaotic.

#### Usage

Create a python virtual env

```bash
cd stat
python3 -m venv myenv
source ./myenv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt

# prevent no permission
chmod +x plot.py
./plot.py data.csv
```

the `data.csv` is generated by the `LR` main program with `-f datafilename` option.  
Multiple files in subplots is also supported, as in: `./plot.py dat0.csv dat1.csv dat2.csv ...`.  
For arguments, see `./plot.py -h`.

## Technical Details

### Naming

$$ f(x) = w_f x + b_f $$
$$ g(x) = w_g x + b_g $$

$ f(x) $: Training function, for training  
$ g(x) $: Data function, for generating training data

$ w $: Weight  
$ b $: Bias  
$ l $: Loss  
$ eta $: Learning rate  
$ l\_{exp} $: Expected loss

The `_g` naming is for "something's gradient".  
Other names in the code are pretty straightforward <del>(like someone'll really look into my code anyway)</del>.

## Purpose

A project to help improve C programming skills and understand neural networks better.
<del>God damn procedure oriented programming</del>
